com/example/login/api/Api.java
 com.example.login.api.Api
com/example/login/scanclient.java
 com.example.login.scanclient
 com.example.login.scanclient$1
com/example/login/OnBoardingFragment2.java
 com.example.login.OnBoardingFragment2
com/example/login/SigninCaissier.java
 com.example.login.SigninCaissier
com/example/login/ViewModels/MainActivityViewModelC.java
 com.example.login.ViewModels.MainActivityViewModelC
 com.example.login.ViewModels.MainActivityViewModelC$1
com/example/login/activities/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.login.activities.HomeActivity
 com.example.login.activities.HomeActivity$1
com/example/login/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.login.fragments.ProfileFragment
com/example/login/fragments/ScanFragment.java
 com.example.login.fragments.ScanFragment
com/example/login/LoginAdapter.java
 com.example.login.LoginAdapter
com/example/login/databinding/LoginTabFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.login.databinding.LoginTabFragmentBinding
com/example/login/MainActivity.java
 com.example.login.MainActivity
com/example/login/OnBoardingFragment3.java
 com.example.login.OnBoardingFragment3
 com.example.login.OnBoardingFragment3$1
 com.example.login.OnBoardingFragment3$2
 com.example.login.OnBoardingFragment3$3
com/example/login/models/LoginResponse.java
 com.example.login.models.LoginResponse
com/example/login/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.login.MapsActivity
com/example/login/databinding/FragmentSigninCaissierBinding.java
 com.example.login.databinding.FragmentSigninCaissierBinding
com/example/login/signuptabfragment.java
 com.example.login.signuptabfragment
com/example/login/fragments/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.login.fragments.HomeFragment
com/example/login/api/ApiClient.java
 com.example.login.api.ApiClient
com/example/login/scanView.java
 com.example.login.scanView
 com.example.login.scanView$1
com/example/login/models/HomeResponse.java
 com.example.login.models.HomeResponse
com/example/login/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.login.BuildConfig
com/example/login/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.login.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/login/fragments/InfoFragment.java
 com.example.login.fragments.InfoFragment
com/example/login/introactivity.java
 com.example.login.introactivity
 com.example.login.introactivity$ScreenSlidePagerAdapter
com/example/login/logintabfragment.java
 com.example.login.logintabfragment
 com.example.login.logintabfragment$1
 com.example.login.logintabfragment$2
com/example/login/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.login.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/login/models/Users.java
 com.example.login.models.Users
com/example/login/OnBoardingFragment1.java
 com.example.login.OnBoardingFragment1
com/example/login/models/LoginCall.java
 com.example.login.models.LoginCall
com/example/login/ViewModels/MainActivityViewModel.java
 com.example.login.ViewModels.MainActivityViewModel
 com.example.login.ViewModels.MainActivityViewModel$1
com/example/login/models/User.java
 com.example.login.models.User
com/example/login/models/Cartes.java
 com.example.login.models.Cartes
